Changes stdout to expose the `*sdktrace.TracerProvider` (#1800)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

  It no longer is a conglomerate of itself, events, and link attributes that have been dropped. (#1771)
- Make `ExportSpans` in Jaeger Exporter honor context deadline. (#1773)
- The `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/export/trace` package is merged into the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace` package. (#1778)

> - Convenience functions for stdout have been updated to enable the shutdown of the batcher. (#1800)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Convenience functions for stdout exporter have been updated to return the `TracerProvider` implementation and enable the shutdown of the exporter. (#1800)
```
